DOC Add extra steps to make clear you need to install admin from source (#37)
silverstripe/silverstripe-module: README.md

- Add and push to a VCS repository
- Either [publish](https://getcomposer.org/doc/02-libraries.md#publishing-to-packagist) the module on packagist.org, or add a [custom repository](https://getcomposer.org/doc/02-libraries.md#publishing-to-a-vcs) to your main `composer.json`
- Require the module in your main `composer.json`

> - If the needs to build a JS client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need to build a JS client
```

>   - Remove `vendor/silverstripe/admin` and reinstall with `composer install --prefer-source`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ensure that `vendor/silverstripe/admin` is installed with `composer install --prefer-source` instead of the default `--prefer-dist`.  You may need to first remove the module from the vendor folder.
```
